User Stories for first proposal:

1) As a logged-in user, I want to change the password at reasonable 
frequencies to preserve the security of the account so that I can better 
protect my information.
Description: This user story addresses the password feature of the app. 
Given that we are dealing with financial information, it would be wise for 
the regularly changing passwords to prevent the possibility of them being 
hacked. In case the user forgets their password, they will be able to 
change their password, by verifying their email address or answering the 
security question. Users also have a choice to update their password, and 
in case they decide to change their password. It can’t be the same as 
previous passwords. We keep track of previous passwords to help prevent 
password repetition. 

2) As a general login user, I want to receive a daily recommendation of 
stocks so that I can have a better idea of which stocks I should invest in.
Description: This user story addresses the recommendation feature of the 
app. Our users are interested in stocks, so our app can help our users by 
providing them recommendations that are suitable for their portfolio. 

3) As a logged-in user, I should be able to access additional information
 about the stock (its price history, P/E ratio etc) so that I can make an 
 informed choice of buying or selling it.
Description: This user story addresses the stock-related information the 
app will provide for logged-in users. Since knowing information about the 
stock is essential to investing, our app should provide these details to 
users.

4) As a logged-in user, I want to get stock recommendations based on my Twitter activities, so that I can have stock recommendations based on my interests.
Description: This user story addresses the ability of our app to give our user stock recommendations based on their Twitter activity. This will help tailor recommendations for stocks to our user’s interests based on their actions on Twitter.
